Grive2 v0.3
30 Juny 2015

 http://mastersoft24.github.io/Grive2

This is the fork of original "Grive" (https://github.com/Grive/grive) Google Drive client
with the support for the new Drive REST API and partial sync.

Grive2 can be considered still beta quality. It simply downloads selected files in your
Google Drive into the current directory. After you make some changes to the local files, run
grive again and it will upload your changes back to your Google Drive. New files created locally
or in Google Drive will be uploaded or downloaded respectively. Deleted files will also be "removed".
Currently Grive2 will NOT destroy any of your files: it will only move the files to a
directory named .trash or put them in the Google Drive trash. You can always recover them.

There are a few things that Grive2 does not do at the moment:
- wait for changes in file system to occur and upload. A sync is only performed when you run Grive.
- support for Google documents
  
Of course these will be added in the future, possibly the next release.

You need the following libraries:

- yajl
- libcurl
- libstdc++
- libgcrypt
- Boost (Boost filesystem and program_option are required)

There are also some optional dependencies:
- CppUnit (for unit tests)
- libbfd (for backtrace)
- binutils (for libiberty, required for compilation in OpenSUSE, Ubuntu, Arch and etc)

Grive uses cmake to build. Basic install sequence is

    mkdir build
    cd build
    cmake ..
    make -j4
    sudo make install

 http://mastersoft24.github.io/Grive2/installation

...for detailed procedures to compile Grive2.

When Grive2 is run for the first time, you should use the "-a" argument to grant
permission to Grive2 to access to your Google Drive. A URL should be printed.
Go to the link. You will need to login to your Google account if you haven't
done so. After granting the permission to Grive2, the browser will show you
an authenication code. Copy-and-paste that to the standard input of Grive2.

If everything works fine, Grive2 will create .grive  file in your
current directory. 


After that, you can either run grive2 for full synchronization
or create the file .exclude and add the full path of the files that should be 
excluded from synchronization. 
Alternatively, you may create .include file and add files what you want to sync. 
For use this feature you must use --use-include parameter
To simplify somewhat the operation, you can run with the option grive2 --list 
and get a list of all the files in your Google drive



Enjoy!

Version History:

Grive2 v0.3:
New features:
        :this release is adopted fork of Vitaliy Filippov / vitalif at mail*ru grive2 repo (https://github.com/vitalif/grive2)
        :Support for the new Google Drive REST API (old "Document List" API is shut down by Google 20 April 2015)
        :Major refactoring - a lot of dead code removed, JSON-C is not used anymore, API-specific code is split from non-API-specific
        :Some stability fixes from Visa Putkinen https://github.com/visap/grive/commits/visa
        :Slightly reduce number of syscalls when reading local files.

Grive2 v0.2:
New features:
        : possibility of using .include file list instead .exclude
        : --use-include parameter added

Grive2 v0.1: 
New features:
	: possibility of a select files for loading is added 
	: print list of all Google drive files to stdout for create (in future) list for sync
